You two leak the company's secrets
Disturb his business
Better spread the rumor that he's with a live streaming host
Mrs. Sun
Now the urban consortium is actually managed by the second young master
We do this.
That's a big risk.
Yes!
Mrs. Sun and the position of the head of the family can be occupied
I don't think there is anything wrong with the second young master
You've all seen what happens to moderation, right?
Do you want to end up like him?
After the event
Whether you two stay at the company or not
I'll give you 5 million as leverage
We took it.
Du Chen, what are you doing here?
It is not suitable to open a room in broad daylight.
Du Chen, don't think too much.
I'm just talking about work with the two sensible people
work
I see
You are writing together to discuss how to deal with me
Right, Lu Chen, don't do this.
I'm your little mother
Second young master forgive me
This is what the lady asked us to do
Master, please forgive me
Take them to Simus
My little sister
How do you think I will punish you?